the adventure medical kit expedition kit
is one of our largest kits and is great
for groups of up to 15 people traveling
for 30 days in remote locations
originally designed for REI adventures
this kit is perfect for guys leading
large groups to remote locations you
oftentimes carry a lot of prescription
medications with inside of this kit is a
detachable inner bag which I recommend
pulling out and putting in your carry-on
luggage that we also have a detachable
pouch so when you're at Basecamp and
you're gonna go climb a summit or a peak
you can pull out this detachable pouch
and put the items you need it to carry a
lighter and smaller kit with you
there's a lot of supplies in this kit to
take care of large groups you're gonna
find ample amounts of medications
antibiotic ointment and a septic tile
let's dressings bandages travelers
diarrhea is a big problem when you're
traveling overseas so we've included
oral rehydration salts mix this in one
litre of lot water and drink slowly and
quickly replace the fluids loss from
diarrheal illness and vomiting this
isn't a sports electrolyte drink this is
specifically designed to make you feel
better and to put fluids in your body
quickly this kit goes beyond most
first-aid kits inside we have an
irrigation syringe for cleaning wounds
and a sterile scrub brush for cleaning
gravel and dirt out of the wounds when
you're in remote locations you have to
be your own dentist sometimes so we have
a temporary dental filling mixture kit
to keep your tooth intact until you get
back and see a dentist inside of our
detachable kit we have plenty of room to
add your own medications inside of our
pill vials or to put your own pill vials
inside of these handy elastic loops
you'll find our wound cleaning supplies
in here a large amount of 1-inch tape a
couple of elastic bandages potent iodine
solution to make wound irrigation
solutions and much more and of course we
have duct tape for just about any
emergency repair dr. Weiss designed this
kit doctor
emergency professor of medicine at
Stanford University Medical Center and
one of the original factors for the
Wilderness Medical Society so he
understands environmental and wilderness
emergencies he served at the ever Space
Camp as a physician so he takes all that
experience and knowledge that he has and
he puts it inside of this kit and wrote
the book a comprehensive guide to
wilderness and travel medicine that
tells you how to use all the supplies
how to treat environmental injuries how
to treat altitude illness how to prepare
for malaria what are common traveller
prescription medications you want to
carry with you and your kit so if you
don't have a doctor going along this is
the next best thing
you